>> Steve Kinney: Let's just talk about
some of the attributes on a cookie,
you can think about a cookie as
like a key value store right.
But then there are some
special properties, right?
That like are again that agreement,
which is previously just an undocumented
agreement, but as we saw before, as of
2011, we've got a standard for this stuff.
Some of the various different agreements
of what should the browser do with this
cookie, right?
And so for instance we'll see a whole
bunch of them that are more tightly
related to security, but this is
arguably one somewhat related as well,
which is when should I get
rid of this cookie, right?
You've got two options.
You can set an expiration date, or you can
also set just some kind of age like 24
hours, 30 days something along
those lines, whatever works for
your application.
I think at one point,
Google set some cookie
until 2038, which is by my guess,
when we run out of 32 bit integers,
which I think creeped a lot of people out,
so generally speaking depending on
what you're doing, obviously sessions or
something along those lines.
Shorter, stuff like their settings or
if they're in dark mode or not,
maybe you keep a little
bit longer than that.
But generally speaking,
if you don't set one of these, you are for
the duration of a session, right?
And it's nuanced what
exactly is a session, but
let's assume closing the browser
is the end of a session.
For our purposes,
that's not always true, but
generally speaking, it's a good heuristic.
Which then brings up,
how do we delete a cookie?
And the answer to that question
is you can't, kinda, right?
You can't delete a cookie, you can set
its expiration date to the past, right?
And then the browser will
get that cookie again,
and will see that it's like,
it's set to last week.
I am going to clear out
a bunch of this as well.
There's some other settings that you
probably shouldn't use unless you deeply
have a good reason, right?
Cuz they have these weird,
unintended side Yeah, side effects,
side consequences, side-equences.
Unintended consequences, so for
instance, the path one is like, hey,
I only want it for these sub-directories.
But there are all sorts of fun
exploits with iframes, as we'll see,
that kind of invalidate a lot of
this as well, and a few others.
So the domain one is super
interesting as well.
You can say by default, it is for
the given domain that you're on.
But in this case, putting that dot
in front of it would make it for
frontendmasters.com and
all of its subdomains.
Now, we'll start out with the fact that
there are some changes to the spec
where you're actually trying
to scope it down to a domain,
you could accidentally make
it less specific, right?
And we'll see some of that later.
But also, it really depends,
right on what the domain is.
So for instance, you can say, cool, I want
it for all the subdomains of my domain.
That might be really great if you
have login.enterprise.com, right?
No, I guess not enterprise credit card.
But well, your company.com and then,
the www and maybe some other dashboard?
Great, however,
what if you were just hosting your page,
GitHub.io or vercel.app?
We'll talk about that as well.
Every subdomain would mean everyone
else who was also at Github.io.
Right, again, it's like just adding
a little property or just maybe something
even you're like, this is something that
has a server side framework set for you.
You didn't even realize it, but you just
gave anyone else on that subdomain or
anyone who get one of those subdomains,
right?
Which again, if you own the DNS, fine.
But if it is something where you
just have a subdomain, all right?
Wide open for all that stuff.